Enhance semantic conventions for HTTP (#263)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/data-semantic-conventions.md

telemetry collected from multi-language micro-service can still be easily
correlated and cross-analyzed.

## HTTP

> These span types represent HTTP requests. They can be used for http and https

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HTTP` span types (client and server) represent HTTP requests. They can be used for http and https
```

Author: I reworded this.

schemes and various HTTP versions like 1.1, 2 and SPDY.

Given an [RFC 3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986) compliant URI of the form
`scheme:[//host[:port]]path[?query][#fragment]`, the span name of the span SHOULD

> be set to the URI path value, unless another value that represents the identity

Reviewer 2: -1

in OpenTracing we always explicitly recommended against doing that. In the REST services it is very common to have entity IDs as part of the path, e.g. `/api/user/{uuid}`. And since the instrumentation in general has no knowledge of whether the application's URL pattern includes entity IDs, recommending path as span name can easily lead to cardinality explosion.

Author: First, I have not changed anything semantically about the span name here, so I'm not sure if this should be discussed here.

Second, What do you suggest instead for a generic HTTP instrumentation library?

Third, what are the goals and guarantees of a Span name anyway?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/270

> of the request and has a lower cardinality can be identified.

Author: I just tried to make this sentence more clear, I had no intention of changing the meaning. You bring up a valid point though. Do you think I should address that in this PR?

> of the request and has a lower cardinality can be identified.

Author: Resolving as the duplicate at https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/263#discussion_r329313767 has more discussion. Yuri also opened an issue #270

| Attribute name | Notes and examples                                           | Required? |
| :------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |

> | `component`    | Denotes the type of the span and needs to be `"http"`. | Yes |

Reviewer 2: what is the value of this attribute? The fact that this is an http span can be easily inferred from other attributes.

Author: The component attribute exists in all conventions in this document. It is neither specific to the topic of this PR nor changed here. Please make a new PR or issue if you want to discuss that. I think removing the attribute just for HTTP wouldn't make sense.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/271

| `http.method` | HTTP request method. E.g. `"GET"`. | Yes |

> | `http.url` | Full HTTP request URL in the form `scheme://host[:port]/path?query[#fragment]`. Usually the fragment is not transmitted over HTTP, but if it is known, it should be included nevertheless. | Defined later. |

Reviewer: why to mention it in a common section if it is defined later?

Reviewer: Also for servers I understand you propose to make it a least preferable option. So perhaps define it for each type

Author: The "Defined later" is in the "Required?" column. Thus only whether it is required is defined later, the actual definition of what should be put there is the same for client and server (though you are right that different nuances apply). I like keeping documentation DRY like code and didn't want to repeat that ` scheme://...` part all over.

| `http.status_code` | [HTTP response status code][]. E.g. `200` (integer) | No |
| `http.status_text` | [HTTP reason phrase][]. E.g. `"OK"` | No |

> | `http.flavor` | Kind of HTTP protocol used: `"1.0"`, `"1.1"`, `"2"`, `"SPDY"` or `"QUIC"`. |  If not TCP-based (`QUIC`). |

Reviewer: why is it required? Look like an overkill for the most use cases.

Author: I suggested to require it only if the protocol is not TCP-based because that influences the meaning of any port information (Is it TCP/80 or UDP/80?). But you are right this is probably too strict. I'll change it to not required. 👌

> It is recommended to also use the `peer.*` attributes, especially `peer.ip*`.

Reviewer: so for client type - should one use `peer.host` or `http.host`? I'd suggest to expand on specific peer attributes that are required.

As mentioned here https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/245 for DB attributes - `peer.service` may carry duplication value

Author: `http.host` is not even defined for clients. It can be inferred trivially from the URL, which is typically what is available when you instrument the client side (the Host header is then typically set by the HTTP library somewhere in the implementation).

But if you wanted you could define the distinction like this: `http.host`  is what ends up in the HTTP request header whereas `peer.host`  is what is used to look up the IP address with which the underlying TCP connection is established (which might be different in proxying scenarios).

Author: Do you think I should add something to that effect in the text?

Reviewer 3: @Oberon00 I suggest that the `peer` object be addressed in a future PR. Its current form is vague and non-standard, which has raised some problems for a while. 

I suggest that peer be eliminated, and split up as follows:
* application-level fields move to application objects - `db.hostname`, `db.address`, etc, so there is no confusing partial overlap with http concepts.
* transport and internet layer objects - `tcp`, `udp`, `ipv4`, `ipv6`, etc

This could be done as part of a move to a more nested approach to semantic data. So, top level `http`, `tcp`, `ip`, and `db` objects are considered part of `self`. The same objects nested under `peer` describe the other side of the connection.

Again, I don't think that needs to be addressed part of this PR, but I wanted to jot down my reasoning here.

Author: Moving this to #295

[HTTP response status code]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6
[HTTP reason phrase]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.1.2

### HTTP client

This span type represents an outbound HTTP request.

For an HTTP client span, `SpanKind` MUST be `Client`.

> `http.url` is required and represents the HTTP URL used to (initially) make this request.

Reviewer: would we prefer the same scheme of preference of url parts when/if they are readily available?

Author: You commented on the client side markdown here but your comment seems to apply to the server side. Please clarify.

Author: Ah, I understand what you meant now!

I think we should set the span attributes to the most "original" data, and the Host and target are usually derived from the URL at the client side, while it is the other way round on the server side.

Reviewer: should we tell that if other data is readily available, one must prefer the separate parts scheme than? Let's say if the library sets the host once and use it for multiple requests providing only the path part.

Author: That makes sense. I'll move http.host and http.target to the general attributes.

Author: Done.

> `http.url` is required and represents the HTTP URL used to (initially) make this request.

Reviewer: Can you please elaborate on "initially"

Reviewer: perhaps add a note with the scenario

Author: The initially is meant to cover the case where you make a request that gets redirected. E.g. you request example.com/foo but are 302'd to example.com/bar. What should you put in `http.url`? The "initially" makes it clear: The `https://example.com/foo`  you initially wanted to request.

Author: I clarified that in the text.

### HTTP server

This span type represents an inbound HTTP request.

For an HTTP server span, `SpanKind` MUST be `Server`.

> Given an inbound request for a route (e.g. `"/users/:userID?"` the `name` attribute of the span SHOULD be set to this route. If the route does not include the application root path, it SHOULD be prepended to the span name.

Reviewer: please explain the application root path concept

Author: Would a reference to "see the `http.app_root` attribute" be good too?

Author: I added a "Definitions" section that explains the concept (and others).

> If the route cannot be determined, the `name` attribute MUST be set as defined in the general semantic conventions for HTTP.

Reviewer: general semantic convention requires to take a path from the Url. Later in the doc you re saying that url and/or path may not be always available. So this statement may raise some confusions

Author: Yeah, I noticed that too but in that case, the route simply is "another value that represents the identity of the request and has a lower cardinality", so its just a clarification of the general case for the server scenario, no contradiction.

Author: Probably after #270 this will need a rewording.

| Attribute name | Notes and examples                                           | Required? |
| :------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| `http.target` | The full request target as passed in a [HTTP request line][] or equivalent, e.g. `/path/12314/?q=ddds#123"`. | [1] |

> | `http.host` | The value of the [HTTP host header][]. Note that this might be empty or not present. | [1] |

Reviewer: Should it be carried as empty value when no header present or attribute must be omitted?

Author: Good point, I thought about that too but did not think it was worth specifying that detail. If we wanted to distinguish all cases:

* Not set if the span creator simply did not care to set it, does not know its value.
* Empty string if it is actually an empty string.
* The boolean `false` (I'd prefer a special null-value, but we don't have that) if the header is actually not set.

Author: Do you think I should add that? Or should I leave it unspecified?

Reviewer 3: It seems fine to not set it, rather than expend the overhead to set it to false.

Author: I added the sentence

>When the header is empty or not present, this attribute should be the same.

With named tracers, one should also be able to take an estimated guess on whether the attribute is missing because the instrumentation did not care about it or because the header was really not present.

| `http.scheme` | The URI scheme identifying the used protocol: `"http"` or `"https"` | [1] |

> | `http.server_name` | The (primary) server name (usually not including a port). This should be obtained via configuration, e.g. the Apache [`ServerName`][ap-sn] or NGINX [`server_name`][nx-sn] directive. If no such configuration can be obtained, this attribute MUST NOT be set ( `host.name` should be used instead). | [1] |

Reviewer: Logically this attribute belongs to the `Resource`, not in every single http request information. Is it only needed when `host` wasn't specified?

Author: When you talk about `host`, do you mean http.host or host.name? For when it is needed, see [1] below, and also the note on `http.host` and why a `server_name`  is useful even when `http.host`  is given.

Author: See also #274

Author: I think this is clear now in the current revision of the text if you read the "Definitions" section.

> | `http.server_name` | The (primary) server name (usually not including a port). This should be obtained via configuration, e.g. the Apache [`ServerName`][ap-sn] or NGINX [`server_name`][nx-sn] directive. If no such configuration can be obtained, this attribute MUST NOT be set ( `host.name` should be used instead). | [1] |

Reviewer: based on this definition `host` is less prefered than `server_name`. Should it be other way around and when `host` present - `server_name` MUST not be collected?

Author: Again, please clarify whether you mean `host.name`  or `http.host`. Assuming you mean `http.host`, see the note on its unreliability below. If you meant `host.name`, that can be something of questionable usability like `k8s-a34b4-k434334d-myservice.local`. Also a single host computer can host multiple server_name's, even in the same process.

Author: Is this clearer with the new "Definitions" section?

> | `host.name` |  Analogous to `peer.hostname` but for the host instead of the peer. | [1] |

Reviewer: Reading it I don't understand what should be the value here. Is it the same as `server_name`?

Author: See my answer to your other comment: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/263#discussion_r329310425. `http.server_name` is a name specifically configured  and usually matched for that particular HTTP request. `host.name`  is in the worst case something you got from [`gethostname(2)`](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/gethostname.2.html).

Author: I guess I should add a link to https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3875#section-4.1.14 or https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3333/#environ-variables.

Author: Explained more thoroughly now in the new Definitions subsection.

| `host.port` | Local port. E.g., `80` (integer). Analogous to `peer.port`. | [1] |
| `http.route` | The matched route (path template). E.g. `"/users/:userID?"`. | No |

> | `http.app` | An identifier for the whole HTTP application. E.g. Flask app name, `spring.application.name`, etc. | No |

Reviewer: I'd suggest to keep it in resource API, not in individual requests

Author: As I understand resources, they are process-wide. However, a process can host multiple apps.

Author: I created #274 "Allow resources as span attributes"

Reviewer 4: I am confused by this multiple "applications". What do you call an "application"?

Author: Maybe the "Definitions" section above is helpful. But you may also consider the examples. The details depend on the technology. To add another example: In Java EE, an app is the entity described by the "web.xml" file and is defined as follows:

> A Web application is a collection of servlets, HTML pages, classes, and other resources that make up a complete application on a Web server.

(quote from SRV.9 of https://jcp.org/aboutJava/communityprocess/maintenance/jsr053/index2.html)

Author: In Python, a application is defined by the [WSGI PEP](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3333/) as a callable with a certain behavior that is called by the webserver. For example, mod_wsgi implements the WSGI spec for apache and has a `WSGIScriptAlias` directive that maps a path prefix (context root) to a Python script with a WSGI application: https://modwsgi.readthedocs.io/en/develop/user-guides/quick-configuration-guide.html

Author: If we want an abstract definition, maybe the application is "a collection of (compiled) code and static resources that is deployable to a web server". It is not a route. A typical application will consist of a multitude of routes.

Author: @bogdandrutu I also added the Python and Java EE examples to the Definitions section. Please unresolve if you think this is still not clear.

Reviewer: So your suggestion on how to fix it is to append resource to a span. So if there are client spans of this span - will they inherit the resource? Wouldn't it be better for apps to register a resource for the entire Tracer used by anything inside this app?

I'd suggest to remove these properties from this document as it feels like they clearly belongs to the Resource and no matter how we will resolve association of a span to resource - it'e better to define them as labels on Resource.

Author: If we decided that only one http app per process is supported, then the app would probably be already covered by the proposed `service.name` resource (https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/303/files). But note that at the time I wrote this PR, there were no semantic conventions on resources at all, and I still think that resources are very vaguely specified, so it's hard for me to say whether something could be a resource or not, when I don't really know what a resource actually is.

Reviewer: I believe that Resource is not process-wide concept. It's per-Tracer concept. [Here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/03018b1553c0cfee4a8d2bc497f018a4007b69d9/specification/sdk-resource.md#L1) it says:

> When used with distributed tracing, a resource can be associated with the TracerSdk. When associated with TracerSdk, all Spans produced by the Tracer, that is implemented by this TracerSdk, will automatically be associated with this Resource.

So for the case of multiple apps inside the process - each app may initialize it's own `Tracer` with the app-specific properties. Same properties may be interesting for the child spans so ideally this Tracer needs to be shared with all libraries used in this app.

Reviewer 5: (Don't forget that the `Meter` API will need equal treatment as far as resources go.)

Author: Thanks, I will look into that! This also seems like something that needs to be reworded with named tracers (probably the Resources would be per TracerFactory).

Author: I'll remove `http.app` for now and created #335 to track that.

> | `http.app_root` |The path prefix of the URL that identifies this `http.app`. Also known as "context root". If multiple roots exist, the one that was matched for this request should be used. | No |

Reviewer: Same, can it be set in resource API?

Author: In addition to what I said in https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/263#discussion_r329310518, this would require the back-end to redo the matching on the URL, if there are multiple roots (which may be acceptable though)

> | `http.client_ip` | The IP address of the original client behind all proxies, if known (e.g. from [X-Forwarded-For][]). | No |

Reviewer: `peer.ip`?

Author: Nope, `peer.ip4` or `peer.ip6`  would be the TCP-layer communication partner, which can be different from `http.client_ip` when a proxy (e.g. envoy) is in-between.

Author: I added a sentence explaining the difference.

of the request and has a lower cardinality can be identified.

| Attribute name | Notes and examples                                           | Required? |
| :------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| `component`    | Denotes the type of the span and needs to be `"http"`. | Yes |
| `http.method` | HTTP request method. E.g. `"GET"`. | Yes |
| `http.url` | Full HTTP request URL in the form `scheme://host[:port]/path?query[#fragment]`. Usually the fragment is not transmitted over HTTP, but if it is known, it should be included nevertheless. | Defined later. |
| `http.status_code` | [HTTP response status code][]. E.g. `200` (integer) | No |
| `http.status_text` | [HTTP reason phrase][]. E.g. `"OK"` | No |
| `http.flavor` | Kind of HTTP protocol used: `"1.0"`, `"1.1"`, `"2"`, `"SPDY"` or `"QUIC"`. |  No |

It is recommended to also use the `peer.*` attributes, especially `peer.ip*`.

[HTTP response status code]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6
[HTTP reason phrase]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.1.2

### HTTP client

This span type represents an outbound HTTP request.

> For an HTTP client span, `SpanKind` MUST be `Client`.

Reviewer 6: We might need to cover #110.

Author: Yeah, eventually we should add semantic conventions about how HTTP redirects should be handled. But I'd rather not do this in this PR.

* `http.scheme`, `http.host`, `http.target`
* `http.scheme`, `http.server_name`, `host.port`, `http.target`
* `http.scheme`, `host.name`, `host.port`, `http.target`
* `http.url`

Of course, more than the required attributes can be supplied, but this is recommended only if they cannot be inferred from the sent ones.
For example, `http.server_name` has shown great value in practice, as bogus HTTP Host headers occur often in the wild.

It is strongly recommended to set at least one of `http.app` or `http.server_name` to allow associating requests with some logical app or server entity.

As an example, if a browser request for `https://example.com:8080/webshop/articles/4?s=1` is invoked, we may have:

Span name: `/webshop/articles/:article_id` (`app_root` + `route`).

|   Attribute name   |                                       Value                                       |
| :----------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `component`        | `"http"`                                                                          |

Reviewer 6: Do we want `http.flavor` in this example?

Author: We want, I'll add it.

Author: I added it.

| `http.method`      | `"GET"`                                                                           |
| `http.url`         | `"https://example.com:8080/webshop/articles/4?s=1"` (or not set)                  |
| `http.target`      | `"/webshop/articles/4?s=1"`                                                       |
| `http.host`        | `"example.com:8080"`                                                              |
| `http.server_name` | `"example.com"`                                                                   |
| `host.port`        | `8080`                                                                            |
| `http.scheme`      | `"https"`                                                                         |
| `http.route`       | `"/articles/:article_id"` (note that the `app_root` part is missing in this case) |
| `http.status_code` | `200`                                                                             |

> | `http.status_text` | `"OK"`                                                                            |

Reviewer 6: Not sure if we plan to cover it in this PR - how do we interact with the [Span Status](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/api-tracing.md#set-status). Here are some examples:
* If an HTTP client span failed from client side (e.g. timeout, TLS handshake failure, connection reset, etc.), we might not have `http.status_code` and `http.status_text`, would `Span Status` be good enough to indicate the problem?
* If an HTTP client span _failed_ from the server side (HTTP 4xx and 5xx), what's the general guidance on [`Status`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/api-tracing.md#status)?

Reviewer 6: Another example is the HTTP Server Redirection, for example, when the client is trying a access URI A, it got redirected to B, and then to C and back to A. The client might decide to give up due to circular redirection. From HTTP span's standpoint, all three HTTP client spans succeeded (with HTTP status = 301). However the last span might be considered as failed.

Author: Good point, the HTTP conventions aren't up to date with the introduction of the Status field it seems. We should probably just reuse the relevant OpenCensus spec here: https://github.com/census-instrumentation/opencensus-specs/blob/master/trace/HTTP.md#status

Author: The redirect loop isn't covered there, but probably it should be DEADLINE_EXCEEDED.

Client errors can be distinguished from genuine HTTP errors by the absence of the (required) http status attribute. I'll also update the spec to clarify that status_code MUST NOT be set if no status was received from the server (i.e. in client/network error cases).

Author: Having to always define these status code mappings is sort of a pain 😄

Reviewer 6: We can leverage existing ones:
* https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/api-tracing.md#status
* https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/doc/statuscodes.md

Author: BTW, this is #100

Author: I added semantic conventions for the status, mostly the same ones as OpenCensus.

telemetry collected from multi-language micro-service can still be easily
correlated and cross-analyzed.

## HTTP

This section defines semantic conventions for HTTP client and server Spans.
They can be used for http and https schemes
and various HTTP versions like 1.1, 2 and SPDY.

### Name

Given an [RFC 3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986) compliant URI of the form `scheme:[//host[:port]]path[?query][#fragment]`,

> the span name of the span SHOULD be set to the URI path value,

Reviewer 3: FWIW, in OpenTracing, we default to using the HTTP method as the default name, not the URI.
* Method is low cardinality. The default should be "too general," not "too specific," to avoid overwhelming systems by inserting high cardinality into a default index such as span name. Perhaps this matters less in the future.
* URI is often not available, making this an infeasible default. This is the real issue, besides cardinality, which forced us to pick a different default.

Note that backends can leverage the URI and other http properties for indexing and display purposes when it is available. Given how common HTTP operations are, we can presume that backends treat HTTP spans as a special case, so the generic name is not necessarily an issue.

Reviewer 3: Ah, I see there already is an issue for this: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/issues/270

Author: As this PR is already getting pretty big, I'd rather not incorporate a resolution to that here.

* `http.url`
* `http.scheme`, `http.host`, `http.target`
* `http.scheme`, `peer.hostname`, `peer.port`, `http.target`
* `http.scheme`, `peer.ip`, `peer.port`, `http.target`

Note that in some cases `http.host` might be different
from the `peer.hostname`
used to look up the `peer.ip` that is actually connected to.
In that case it is strongly recommended to set the `peer.hostname` attribute in addition to `http.host`.

For status, the following special cases have canonical error codes assigned:

| Client error                | Trace status code  |
|-----------------------------|--------------------|
| DNS resolution failed       | `UnknownError`     |
| Request cancelled by caller | `Cancelled`        |
| URL cannot be parsed        | `InvalidArgument`  |
| Request timed out           | `DeadlineExceeded` |

This is not meant to be an exhaustive list
but if there is no clear mapping for some error conditions,
instrumentation developers are encouraged to use `UnknownError`
and open a PR or issue in the specification repository.

### HTTP server

To understand the attributes defined in this section, it is helpful to read the "Definitions" subsection.

#### Definitions

> In web server configuration and web app deployment, multiple more or less common concepts have evolved that.

Reviewer 5: nit: Incomplete sentence "evolved that ...?"

Author: I reworded that "introduction paragraph".

If the route does not include the application root, it SHOULD be prepended to the span name.

If the route cannot be determined, the `name` attribute MUST be set as defined in the general semantic conventions for HTTP.

| Attribute name | Notes and examples                                           | Required? |
| :------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| `http.server_name` | The primary server name of the matched virtual host. This should be obtained via configuration. If no such configuration can be obtained, this attribute MUST NOT be set ( `host.name` should be used instead). | [1] |
| `host.name` | Analogous to `peer.hostname` but for the host instead of the peer. | [1] |
| `host.port` | Local port. E.g., `80` (integer). Analogous to `peer.port`. | [1] |
| `http.route` | The matched route (path template). E.g. `"/users/:userID?"`. | No |
| `http.app` | An identifier for the whole HTTP application. E.g. Flask app name, `spring.application.name`, etc. | No |
| `http.app_root` |The path prefix of the URL that identifies this `http.app`. If multiple roots exist, the one that was matched for this request should be used. | No |

> | `http.client_ip` | The IP address of the original client behind all proxies, if known (e.g. from [X-Forwarded-For][]). Note that this is not necessarily the same as `peer.ip*`, which would identify the nework-level peer, which may be a proxy. | No |

Reviewer: why `peer.ip` would not take an `X-Forwarded-For` into consideration? What would be the reason to have peer.ip carry the information that is meaningless semantically in many cases?

Author: The good thing about having that `peer.ip` definition is that it is very simple (defined basically by a call to http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/getpeername.2.html on the network socket) and applicable to all protocols. And it's not meaningless IMHO, as it at least allows you to detect that the request got through a proxy (for example, maybe you notice one day that all requests with a particular peer.ip take longer than other requests because the proxy has network troubles).

On the other hand http.client_ip is very http specific. The alternative would be to have peer.ip be defined differently for each type of span, which feels very unclean to me (And what if a span combines e.g. HTTP and some NoSQL DB and both have conflicting definitions of peer.ip? Now you have to pick one.)

For example, `http.server_name` has shown great value in practice, as bogus HTTP Host headers occur often in the wild.

It is strongly recommended to set at least one of `http.app` or `http.server_name` to allow associating requests with some logical app or server entity.

As an example, if a browser request for `https://example.com:8080/webshop/articles/4?s=1` is invoked, we may have:

Span name: `/webshop/articles/:article_id` (`app_root` + `route`).

|   Attribute name   |                                       Value                                       |
| :----------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `component`        | `"http"`                                                                          |
| `http.method`      | `"GET"`                                                                           |
| `http.flavor`      | `"1.1"`                                                                           |
| `http.url`         | `"https://example.com:8080/webshop/articles/4?s=1"` (or not set)                  |

> | `http.target`      | `"/webshop/articles/4?s=1"`                                                       |

Reviewer: so this example is not how span will look like as you either have url or target, correct? Maybe it's worth splitting into two examples to avoid confusion

Author: I only included a remark about the `http.url` value below the attribute table and removed the attribute from the table. I also added a client-side example.
